#summary How to build LiberTV

= Building =
This document describes the steps required to build LiberTV player on your machine. 
Although it may seem complicated, it's really not that hard, if you follow the instructions
carefully. If something goes wrong, even if you followed the steps, feel
free to contact me at florin @ libertv.ro and tell me what's not wrong, I will certainly look into it and update this guide accordingly. 

= Details =

How to build LiberTV Player

*1. Prerequisites*
Microsoft Visual Studio 2005. 

The Express edition should compile, but I haven't tried that. 

*2. Configure Visual Studio and SDKs:*

LiberTV requires the following SDKs:
Boost 1.33 (for Libtorrent)
DirectX 9 SDK
Media Player 10 SDK

You may try to locate and install these yourself, however building boost may be a lengthy (and tricky) process, so to save you time, I've made an archive with all SDKs required to build LiberTV.

Download the SDKs from (82.7 MB):
http://www.libertv.ro/src/LiberTV_SDK.rar

Unpack the archive into your SDK folder (eg. C:\SDK) and use it to set up the include/library directories in Visual Studio.

Setting up SDK Directories:
In Visual Studio, go to 
Tools->Options->Projects and Solutions->VC++ Directories
Add the following (on top of all other dirs):

Include files:
Boost include path (eg: C:\SDK\boost\include)
DirectX 9 SDK include (eg. C:\SDK\DX9\include)
Windows Media Player 10 SDK (eg. C:\SDK\WMP10SDK\include)

Library files:
DX9 Lib (eg. C:\SDK\DX9\Lib)
Boost lib (eg. C:\SDK\boost\lib)
(no lib files required for Windows Media Player 10 SDK)


*3. Get the latest source code from SVN*

3.1 Choose a folder where you want to get the LiberTV source into, let's say it's C:\Code\LiberTV

3.2 Install LiberTV (from www.libertv.ro)

This is required, because LiberTV uses VLC and some other 3rd party DLLs, which are not included in the source tree. Also, some important registry keys (with paths) are set up during the setup process.
You must install LiberTV into your source root's bin directory (if it's already installed, uninstall it and install to the new directory).
For example, if you checked out the source in C:\Code\LiberTV, then LiberTV must be installed in C:\Code\LiberTV\bin
3.3 To get the source code, use the command-line svn client or Tortoise SVN. Since we're on Windows, I'll assume you have Tortoise SVN. With windows Explorer, go to the source folder (eg. C:\Code\LiberTV), right click and choose 'SVN Checkout ...'.  
The repository URL:
http://libertv.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/


..and click OK to check out the latest LiberTV sources.

If you prefer the command-line svn client, in a cmd window, go to C:\Code\LiberTV and paste this:
svn checkout http://libertv.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ .


This will check out the sources to current folder.


*5. Build LiberTV Player*

Open the solution LiberTV\LiberTV2005.sln and hit F7 to build it. If everything is set up correctly, you should get /bin/libertv.exe, /bin/LTVUtil.dll.


*6. Hooraaaay ! You've made it !*

You can now go ahead and run the app, by hitting F5.


